
How To Code Minecraft Plugins And Build Custom Server From The Ground Up
 
Project Orion™

4.85 Stars 789 Reviews

Code Own Minecraft Plugins
Build Custom Servers
Get More Players & Make Them Stay
Stop Overwhelm When Coding
No Previous Knowledge Needed
Lifetime Access
GET IT NOW
WHAT IS IT
Project Orion is a training on coding Minecraft plugins for Bukkit/Spigot and BungeeCord servers.

HOW LONG IS IT
Project Orion is 8 weeks long, but may be completed at your own pace. You have lifetime access.

WHEN DOES IT START
You start the moment you enroll. Videos and materials are always available, live Q&A calls happen twice a week.

HOW IT WORKS
You watch the videos, complete the action items, ask questions or join the live Q&A calls, follow the process, get results.

FEATURED ON

What Would You Do If You Could Build Anything?
Dear Friend!

Imagine you have the power to code anything you desire…

Imagine returning to your Minecraft server where everything is built from the ground up the way you always wanted!

Welcome to Project Orion, the world’s largest Minecraft education project that brings you from an absolute beginner who has never touched a computer code before to an absolute beast having full control of everything Minecraft has to offer!



Are You Helping or Hurting Your Server Without You Knowing?
Unfortunately, for most people who run a server or just want to code own plugins, this remains just a dream.

The work and the time you have to put into it is frustrating. The lack of efficiency and good training materials makes things easy to dream, but hard to achieve. If you are a one man’s team, the workload of building everything from scratch is painfully high.

So, most people resign to the plugins that are already there, or ask a friend or two to code. We both know this is far from ideal…

You Can't Win If You Can't Control
Relying on finished plugins is limiting. Inactive plugin developers, poor support, constant bugs and broken plugins on each Minecraft update and you still can’t customize the plugin the way you want it to.

With most plugins, configuration is complicated and you still can’t customize it to get that true level of uniqueness. At the end you have to install 80 of them and the server just looks like a cheap clone of the other thousand ones out there…

This is the reality for most server owners today.

Unless you run a big network with a large budget, free (or close to free) developers are often unreliable. They are not committed, they “don’t believe in your vision”, it’s annoyingly hard to communicate what you want and they tend to become unreachable. 

Many servers are stuck on an old Minecraft version because of this. Many of them will close their doors. The question is: Will it be you?


BECOME SELF-RELIANT
And Finally Turn Your Ideas Into Reality
If you ever tried starting to code on your own, you’ve probably noticed these three things:

1
You have to start
from 0 each time

2
Once you get stuck it’s hard to get help & move 

3
Free tutorials and “best practices” are lacking & often of a painfully low quality

Coding community has been in this “medieval” state for too long. Now it’s time for a massive change!
We have founded MineAcademy with the vision to bring a world class educational platform to life where you can turn your ideas into reality amazingly fast with a proven framework to cut the development time by 1/10!

Project Orion builds on these four pillars:

1 — Building with a proven system called The Foundation
2 — Rapid prototyping & testing
3 — Professional training materials
4 — Winning community to get help, meet new friends and thrive

But more on this later…

 

GET IT NOW
Build Fast Using Our 500,000+ Downloads System
Do you feel overwhelmed and blocked each time you look at your screen & realize you must start from 0?

For the first time ever (after 6 years) we decided to teach the library that powers ALL of our premium plugins — all members of Project Orion have full unlimited licence for it!

The Foundation library had saved us years of time and now it can do the same for you.

It enables you to kick-start your development using proven systems (often better than Bukkit/Spigot ways) that are well documented and blazing fast!

Build The Community To Return To
We live in a hyper distracted world. Most people won’t even finish reading this paragraph… 

If players don’t like what they see within the first 5-15 seconds, they leave. There are 10,000s of servers out there. The ones that prosper and grow are the ones with a core focus on a certain game type and a community (fandom) around it.

Building a truly unique experience that attracts players is impossible if you glue 50 random plugins together. You want a great server, you have to make it your own 😉

PS: Once you master plugin making, you will be able to use anything Minecraft has to offer in a truly unique, new ways.

But I Lack Great Ideas!
In our Project Orion community, your imagination is no longer the limit. Doing anything on your own feels lonely if the people around you just “don’t get it”. Meet our amazing members on the same wavelength to share, collaborate and grow together.

Our community combines the best of both worlds – it connects people who are motivated and want to win, and gives you the help and moral support you need when you get stuck to get you back on track quickly!

I Don't Have a Minecraft server - Is Project Orion Still For Me?
People come to Project Orion if they want to make progress in life, regardless if they have a Minecraft server or not.

Our focus for this training is to teach you development and coding. If your dream is to become a developer at Google, or to offer your own development services, Project Orion is a great place to start.

Or if you simply want to update, fix or edit plugins on the internet but you don’t understand their source, we have a complete Java as well as Bukkit/Spigot/PaperSpigot training for you.

No Spoon Feeding, Build Environment You Can't Find Anywhere Else
This is not a copy-paste training where you get a bunch of premade code. This would make no difference to the plugins already available out there.

Instead, we focus on giving you a rock-solid foundation you can take and build upon. You can then create anything you want. Once you understand the concepts you can make things completely unique from what you see on the screen.

PS: Of course, there are examples and stories to learn and get inspired from. You’ll get the source code under each video (not just one big repository). That way you can easily keep on track and not waste time typing everything you see on the screen if you don’t need it.

Certainty, Quality, Trust, Results
We have been in the game since 2012 and are involved with SpigotMC.org for over 5 years.
This is the real education platform, and students speak for themselves.

534
Past students

5,515
Positive ratings on SpigotMC

546,871
Software downloads



4.85 stars from 789 customer reviews

Click here to see students testimonials

HERE'S WHAT'S INSIDE PROJECT ORION

Week #1 — Create Like You’ve Never Before
If you need a better solution for things – code your own! That is easier said than done, especially if you never coded before. Or, if you only know Python, Javascript or HTML/CSS, trying to switch to Java and plugins is challenging without a proven system in place.

That’s why we offer a complete Java training and by the end of Week 1 you’ll have your first plugin prepared for action!

Week 1 goes by fast, no need to spend months trying to learn everything yourself (we know you’re busy). By the end of it you will already have a finished product!

Many people face stress, overwhelm and frustration when trying to code. That’s why we show you how to approach this new, exciting journey with ease, confidence and motivation.


This is your learning platform. Everything you see can instantly be used in the game.
Week #2 — Master The Plugin Making (The Right Way)
Second week is all about mastery and getting you to that next level. We go very deep on how to make a high-quality, professional plugin like a well-oiled machine.

We believe spending time on “best practices”, coding standards and explaining HOW things work and WHY we do them is better than rushing things just to show you some fancy features.

See, you can’t create an amazing RPG plugin just by copy-paste someone else’s from a quick tutorial video. That is an illusion that will ruin you in the long term and your code will simply become a big mess and break down. Instead, we aim to explain and understand first before we begin adding flash.

Menu And GUI Systems
Project Orion includes an extensive GUI system for menus. Create menus easily, automatically list items, add pages, buttons, navigation and more. It’s all there.

In Week 2, we also talk about settings and configuration (with automatic file updating) and server to player conversations with real-life examples taken from our successful plugins.


Create beautiful menus with pages, buttons and actions!
WEEK #3
The Projects Vault

This is the week where “the magic happens”.

Many of the videos are over an hour long, something unseen in the Minecraft education world. Such training videos enable you to understand everything without rushing things.
We left nothing unturned.

Custom Bosses & RPG
Build insanely powerful custom monsters system to surprise players and deliver a whole new experience to your server.

At first we show you how to customize existing monsters or animals, and later even how to spawn “human” Bosses with skins and custom AI / pathfinding!

Learn how to create special Blood-moon event or spawn Bosses naturally during the night!



Ranking and Statistics​
Motivate players to stay for long by giving them an opportunity to make progress and compete with others!

We’ll show you how to connect ranks with different in-game statistics such as play time, player kills, deaths (or anything you desire) to create a server you can’t find anywhere else.

Class and Tier Leveling
Sometimes you want to create levelable RPG classes where players can level up for any of their class.

We’ll teach you how to make a non-linear system where players can level up themselves through tiers for each class.

Create a true RPG experience and blow everyone else away!



Missions and Quests​
Complete quests to increase your rank, class tier or statistic or anything you desire.

You can connect the quest with one another (linear leveling). Or you can setup different quests for each rank/class.

Or, create a hybrid non-linear system where players complete quests in a given order but can find “secret” quests across the world that do not fit your linear progression.

Intelligent NPCs & Quests
Enlive your server with human-like NPCs talking to players and taking quests!

We show you how your NPC can give you a mission such as “Deliver an item to me” or “Get to a certain location” or “Kill X amount of zombies”, and even how to connect NPCs with the menu system you created earlier.



Custom Enchantments
You asked for it, we bring it!

Create new, unique enchantments to add a whole new layer of experience for your server.

Leaderboards
Let players compete with each-other to take quests in the shortest amount of time possible!

Integrate leaderboards with your ranks, classes, quests and even statistics. Create unique leaderboards for custom values such as kill-to-death ratio, and more.


Mini Projects
Random teleport with 3D animation
Infinite or boosted flights
Instant respawn
Arrow breaking windows
KitPvP food
Custom health and properties
Clickable and hoverable chat
Notifications: tab, scoreboard, title, action bar and toasts
Double jump
Falling tree physics
and much more!



GET IT NOW
WEEK #4 – THE NEXT LEVEL
Week 4 is all about achieving that next level advantage.
Learn the most advanced concepts (the easy way) to build
complex and amazing Minecraft plugins!

Demystify NMS And OBF
Get cutting edge knowledge about the NMS and OBF world.

Gain an unfair advantage by fully understanding what you can do with your server beyond just the basic Spigot/Bukkit API.



Packet Interception
Packets are the heart and matter of Minecraft. By modifying packets you can bypass any server or plugin restriction. 

Packets are a dangerous territory but they enable you to take full advantage of the game and even enable hidden features such as custom sky color, entities with custom attributes, fake blocks and much more.

Pathfinding And AI
What would you do if you could modify the behavior of every Minecraft mob? Attacking animals, villager pets, or totally innocent zombies?

Regardless if you code for Minecraft 1.8,8 or 1.14 or newer you will be able to achieve this without long hours tampering with NMS or reflection.



MySQL Databases
How to save everything to an external database and connect it with other servers on BungeeCord, or even your website. 

Perfect if you have BungeeCord or want to display any data on your website. SQL commands and PHP script examples included.

Best of all, no need to learn SQL commands. The Foundation library you will use gets you covered.

Creating APIs
Enable anyone connect with your plugin and modify it. 

How to create a professional API that lasts for years and why having a great API can boost the downloads/sales of your plugin.


Decompilation And Obfuscation
New approach to legally reverse engineering any program in the world.

We also show you how to protect yourself from being reverse engineered by using strong obfuscation on autopilot (without doing anything extra).

GET IT NOW
WEEK #5
Go Beyond Plugins
In this week we leave the Minecraft world to enter a new realm of possibilities.
BungeeCord, Discord, GitHub and much more!


BungeeCord Development
Revolutionize the way you run multiple game modes on your server. 

Get a training on creating BungeeCord plugins that communicate with Bukkit/Spigot.

Synchronize data over your network and win.



Advanced Discord Integration
Brand new approach to completely taking over control and managing your Discord server from Minecraft.

Not only you are now able to connect your chat with Discord channels and back, but also how to filter profanity, give perks for roles in-game or even remove messages on Discord from your Minecraft server!

Dynamic Vote Rewards
Unlock one of the most potent ways to successfully grow your network…

Rank up or level up your players when they vote, connect the voting system with anything you desire. Store votes in your database so players can view their votes on your website. PHP script included.



GitHub and Collaboration
Five weapons to supercharge your development.

Regardless if you’re a one man team or having 15 developers on demand, we teach you how to use Git and GitHub to share your code publicly or privately and track each change (and revert it if needed).

Also, what are wikis and how you can use them to document your plugins (the right way). Finally, how to create a ticket system for your free/premium plugins.

WEEK #6
Minigames Unleashed

Ever dreamed of crafting the perfect minigame your players would love for your server? 

Learn everything from simple mechanics of a game to advanced logic and automated systems. 

Spawn waves of monsters with increasing difficulty or use packets and resource packs to achieve a cutting edge game features like you’ve seen on the big networks.

This content is in preparation and will be available soon to all students of Project Orion. Get in now and guarantee your spot.


GET IT NOW
WEEK #7
Sales and Money​
Earn From Your Passion
If you’re interested in earning an extra income, read carefully. 

Few people know that SpigotMC offers the perfect opportunity for young people, students or everyone with a true passion for Minecraft to earn a bonus to their living.

Regardless if you want to sell plugins or offer development work, this is for you.



How To Sell Premium Plugins
There’s been a lot of controversy about the so called “premium resources”, so we demystified them and show you the exact steps we use to sell plugins like ChatControl Pro, Boss or CoreArena for over 4 years now.

You’ll learn about copywriting and design as well as getting new plugin ideas. When you start selling you need to deal with happy, but also a few angry customers as well as taxes and legal stuff, so we included that as well.

Finally there’s piracy, and we’ll explain how that works and what you can do about it to minimize its impact.

This content is in preparation and will be available soon to all students of Project Orion. Get in now and guarantee your spot.

WEEK #8
Complete Server Setup​
Are you building a server or planning to launch it?
Let us show you the best practices to build a server
and an amazing prosperous community!

Make Vanilla RPG Server
Do you find the classic survival servers too boring?

Learn to add unique experience where players can complete interactive missions, setup a ranking system from scratch or add new, exciting mobs.



Build Factions Server
Competitive factions, top up, fights etc.

We collaborated with the most successful Factions servers to teach you how you can build your own!

Create Skyblock Server
Trying to build your own SkyBlock server but being afraid of failing? 

Get proven principles to build a successful and well-respected SkyBlock server that is unique and can attract new players with ease.



Craft a BungeeCord Network
Connect multiple servers together using BungeeCord. 

Create a “hub” server that players join to, with portals or a menu system where you can connect to all other servers on your network.

This content will be available soon to all students of Project Orion. Get in now and guarantee your spot.

THE BIGGEST MINECRAFT TRAINING ON EARTH
We are proud to announce that Project Orion is the biggest training for Minecraft ever made!

In addition to the core training, here is what you get:

1 — Powerful Toolbox
Cheat-sheet
Works-sheet
PDF Summaries
Pinups
Source codes


2 — Winning Community
Private Facebook group with people that understand and help you
Live Q&A calls twice a week where you can speak and ask questions in real time
Friendly email support
Discord server opening soon!
3 — Lifetime Access
Unlimited access to the training portal
Unlimited access to our community
Lifetime access to all support channels
Lifetime access to all updates


4 — Self-Paced Learning
Learn from anywhere
Complete in own time, no pressure
All content unlocked from day 1
English captions coming soon!
LIMITED JOIN OPPORTUNITY 
To protect our training from saturation and provide support for our students (we are a small team), we can only take a limited amount of students for Project Orion. 

So don’t regret missing out on this limited opportunity before someone else will take your seat!

If you’re here, it means you are READY to take the next step… the step into ACTION… the step into launching the Server V2.0 you always dreamed of.

If you enjoy what you’re seeing here, get it now.

GET IT NOW
100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEE
1st Class Customer Protection​
If for any reason you are not delighted with the quality of our work, you owe us absolutely nothing.

Contact us at support@mineacademy.org within 30 days of your purchase and we will give you a prompt and courteous refund.


WHO IS THIS FOR
You want to code MC/Spigot/Bukkit plugins
You need to change or update a plugin from an inactive developer
You desire to build a unique MC server
You want to sell premium resources or work as a developer
You are sick and tired of Youtube/Udemy/Wiki tutorials being so lacking, out of date and there’s always something that breaks and you waste your time…
You dream of putting all of your ideas into reality so you can create the server you always wanted to have! 👍
7 Goals For This Training
Become self-reliant, highly skilled and efficient.

Create a server built from the ground up with a prosperous community.

Code top-class Minecraft plugins for Spigot/Bukkit and understand Java.

Create connected plugins using APIs, libraries and web services.

Build new minigames using everything Minecraft has to offer in new, unique ways.

Earn an extra income from doing something you love.

Replace stress, overwhelm and frustration while coding with confidence, joy and peace.

GET IT NOW
Frequent Questions
I am a total beginner, 100% clueless, never coded anything whatsoever - will this work for me?
Does it work on Windows, macOS or Linux?
Can I use Eclipse, IntelliJ or Netbeans?
Which Minecraft versions are supported?
MORE QUESTIONS? EMAIL SUPPORT@MINEACADEMY.ORG






You're in good company
Thousands of people around the world have used MineAcademy’s products to start their own 
server, improve their knowledge, grow their existing server and change their life.


PirateCraft
Tom Lewis
ChatControl runs on the largest pirate Minecraft server

READ THEIR STORY


BlazeVortex
Fredericus Van Der Meer
Leading Factions server relies on ChatControl to monitor their chat 24/7

READ THEIR STORY


Demeng Chen
Demeng7215
How Demeng went from almost completely giving up to thousands of customers

READ THEIR STORY


JarFiles
Julian Staudt
Developer for Amazon Alexa Skills, SmartHome APIs and EasyBackup plugin

READ THEIR STORY

The question is – can you do it?
Our students become big with lots of happy players and customers. They do their original concept and instead of copying, bring own personality to the game and develop a royal community. If they can do it so can you!

GET STARTED NOW


4.85 stars from 738 customer reviews

Are you ready to join the revolution?
Your Minecraft server 2.0 has been waiting for this.
GET STARTED FREE



